hello welcome listen up drove up from
the Orca understand one here is where
the guy climbed up and where the boat
was going then he said a swear word end
up covered in blood
there's a belt in town it is the
cupboard here's where Cooper climbed up
just terrible there's a still and if you
wanna make them that one of these my
type of boat then they were just a bit
when you were here's where the captain
wins and then he the started with
moveable bundles I keep this one at the
end I'm missing one bubble there so I'm
gonna have to find it soon but soon I
might come to come he's like a guy come
up like when Joyce was coming this
just
I have the other pills somewhere by just
completely framed it
he simple conclusion it would it went
now there's also notes down that they
get out and walk that I make but some of
this is a bit breakable
here's Cooper's Duff so he doesn't fool
into the whirlwind a shock just brings
about here this can come off see you
need one of these shocks to get it off
clear cannot see you can actually play
in this monster
but wait big boat you can turn on this
it doesn't float if you want to make it
float then you go how would I go about
it there but if you would have do the
Jersey lady just waiting for buck and I
let it count and it would just hold on
to it so light and in here this is about
to be the little just perfect this time
gonna need this it is just poking match
so I'm gonna make a video view about the
actual movie of it must also be tuned to
check them out
and pro to make sure to check them to ow
if you can't find them just put the
comments below with the courts below if
you want to get one of these girls tell
you you call that you buy
oh yeah
stay true to of stay tuned after my
clothes there's gonna be a love for your
option